SpaceWard Non-Commercial License

V.1 dated 01 March 2023

This license contains the terms and conditions under which Warden Labs (the
"Company") makes available its Software. Your use of the Software is subject to
these terms and conditions.

Company grants you (the "Licensee") a license to use, modify, and redistribute
the Software, but only (a) for Non-Commercial Use, or (b) for Commercial Use
only on the Designated Blockchains.

If the Licensee makes available a copy of the Software to any third party, the
Software must be subject to the terms of this license only, and the Licensee
must provide a copy of this license to that third party. All restrictions and
conditions of this license apply to the Software or any portion or modification
of the Software made under this license and any previous versions of the
Software.

The Licensee must ensure that any third party who gets a copy of any part of
the Software from the Licensee also gets a copy of the terms of this license or
the respective license URL, as well as copies of any plain-text lines beginning
with Required Notice that the licensor provided with the software. For example:
"Required Notice: Copyright Warden Labs".

These terms do not allow the Licensee to sublicense or transfer any of the
Licensee's rights to anyone else. These terms do not imply any other licenses
not expressly granted in this license.

If the Licensee violates any of these terms or uses the Software in a way not
authorized under this license, the license granted to the Licensee ends
immediately. If the Licensee makes, or authorizes any other person to make, any
written claim that the Software, or any other Warden Labs Product (as defined
below), infringes or contributes to the infringement of any patent, all rights
granted to the Licensee under this license end immediately.

In accordance with applicable law, the Software is provided AS IS, without any
warranty or condition, and Company will not be liable to the Licensee for any
damages arising out of these terms or the use or nature of the Software, under
any kind of legal claim.

Terms in this license are used, and shall be interpreted, as follows:

"Software" means the software developed by the Company, which is the
implementation of the SpaceWard application available at
https://github.com/warden-protocol/wardenprotocol/tree/main/spaceward as may be
updated from time to time.

"Designated Blockchains" refer to the version of the digital blockchain ledger
that, at any given time, is recognized as canonical in accordance with the
blockchain consensus. The initial Designated Blockchains shall be the Warden
Protocol only, with reference to
https://github.com/warden-protocol/wardenprotocol/tree/main as may be updated
from time to time.

"Non-Commercial Use" means academic, scientific, or research and development
use, or evaluating the Software (such as through auditing), but does not
include the creation of an application that facilitates any transaction of
economic value.

"Commercial Use" is any use that is not a Non-Commercial Use.

To "use" means any use, modification, distribution or other exploitation of the
Software or any part of it.

A "Warden Labs Product" is any product or service offered by the Company or its
affiliates.

